README.md, before:

![Header](./github-header.png)


<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=mahbubumithu&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="mahbubumithu" /> </p>
<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm MD MAHBUB UDDIN. Nick name is Mithu</h1>
<h3 align="center">System Architect from Bangladesh</h3>
I'm a tech enthusiast with a passion for exploring new technologies and tools. With over 10+ years of experience in the IT solutions field, skilled in network administration, system administration, cloud operations, and DevOps practices. 

- 🔭 I’m currently working at [Synesis IT PLC ](https://synesisit.com.bd)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Python** **System Design**

- 💬 Ask me about **Network, System and Security**

- 📫 How to reach me **mahbubumithu@gmail.com**


## My Skill Set  
<table><tr><td valign="top" width="30%">



### Language/Framework  
<div align="center">  
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="HTML5" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://wordpress.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/wordpress.png" alt="WordPress" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/powershell.png" alt="PowerShell" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="Bash" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/python-original.svg" alt="Python" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/django-original.svg" alt="Django" height="50" /></a>  
</div>

</td><td valign="top" width="10%">



### CloudOps  
<div align="center">  
<a href="https://cloud.google.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="GCP" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://aws.amazon.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="AWS" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.oracle.com/in/index.html" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/oracle-original.svg" alt="Oracle" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.openstack.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/openstack.png" alt="OpenStack" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/microsoft_azure-icon.svg" alt="Azure" height="50" /></a>  
</div>

</td><td valign="top" width="40%">



### DevOps  
<div align="center">  
<a href="https://www.jenkins.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/jenkins-icon.svg" alt="Jenkins" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="Git" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.rabbitmq.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/rabbitmq-icon.svg" alt="RabbitMQ" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.terraform.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/terraformio-icon.svg" alt="Terraform" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://kafka.apache.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/apache_kafka-icon.svg" alt="Kafka" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://graphql.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/graphql.png" alt="GraphQL" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.ansible.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/ansible.png" alt="Ansible" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.nginx.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/nginx-original.svg" alt="Nginx" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://kubernetes.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/kubernetes-icon.svg" alt="Kubernetes" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/gitlab.svg" alt="GitLab" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/linux-original.svg" alt="Linux" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Docker" height="50" /></a>  
</div>  

</td><td valign="top" width="10%">

### Database  
<div align="center">  
<a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="MySQL" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://redis.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/redis-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Redis" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://mariadb.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/mariadb.png" alt="Maria DB" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="PostgreSQL" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="MongoDB" height="50" /></a>  
</div>  

</td><td valign="top" width="10%">

### Monitoring  
<div align="center">  
<a href="https://grafana.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/grafana.png" alt="Grafana" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.elastic.co/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/elasticsearch.png" alt="Elastic Search" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.elastic.co/kibana/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/kibana.png" alt="Kibana" height="50" /></a>  
</div>

</td></tr></table>  

<br/>  


## Connect with me  
<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/mahbubumithu" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white alt=github style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/mahbubumithu" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white alt=twitter style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://dev.to/mahbubumithu" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/dev.to-%2308090A.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=dev.to&logoColor=white alt=devto style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/mahbubumithu" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/mahbubumithu" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/facebook-%232E87FB.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white alt=facebook style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/mahbubumithu" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/instagram-%23000000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white alt=instagram style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>  
</div>  
  

<br/>  


## Github Stats  
<table><tr><td valign="top" width="50%">

<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mahbubumithu&show_icons=true&count_private=true&hide_border=true" align="left" style="width: 100%" />

</td><td valign="top" width="50%">

<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mahbubumithu&hide_border=true&layout=compact" align="left" style="width: 100%" />

</td></tr></table>  

<br/>

Commit message:

add something which I love to do

README.md, after:

![Header](./github-header.png)


<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=mahbubumithu&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="mahbubumithu" /> </p>
<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm MD MAHBUB UDDIN. Nick name is Mithu</h1>
<h3 align="center">System Architect from Bangladesh</h3>
I'm a tech enthusiast with a passion for exploring new technologies and tools. With over 10+ years of experience in the IT solutions field, skilled in network administration, system administration, cloud operations, and DevOps practices. Here are a few things I love to do:

- 👨‍💻 Troubleshooting | System Design & Develop | Coding
- 🌱 Learning about new tech
- 📚 Sharing knowledge

---

- 🔭 I’m currently working at [Synesis IT PLC ](https://synesisit.com.bd)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Python**

- 💬 Ask me about **Network & System Administration**

- 📫 How to reach me **mahbubumithu@gmail.com**


## My Skill Set  
<table><tr><td valign="top" width="30%">



### Language/Framework  
<div align="center">  
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="HTML5" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://wordpress.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/wordpress.png" alt="WordPress" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/powershell.png" alt="PowerShell" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="Bash" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/python-original.svg" alt="Python" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/django-original.svg" alt="Django" height="50" /></a>  
</div>

</td><td valign="top" width="10%">



### CloudOps  
<div align="center">  
<a href="https://cloud.google.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="GCP" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://aws.amazon.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="AWS" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.oracle.com/in/index.html" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/oracle-original.svg" alt="Oracle" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.openstack.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/openstack.png" alt="OpenStack" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/microsoft_azure-icon.svg" alt="Azure" height="50" /></a>  
</div>

</td><td valign="top" width="40%">



### DevOps  
<div align="center">  
<a href="https://www.jenkins.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/jenkins-icon.svg" alt="Jenkins" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="Git" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.rabbitmq.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/rabbitmq-icon.svg" alt="RabbitMQ" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.terraform.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/terraformio-icon.svg" alt="Terraform" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://kafka.apache.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/apache_kafka-icon.svg" alt="Kafka" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://graphql.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/graphql.png" alt="GraphQL" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.ansible.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/ansible.png" alt="Ansible" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.nginx.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/nginx-original.svg" alt="Nginx" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://kubernetes.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/kubernetes-icon.svg" alt="Kubernetes" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/gitlab.svg" alt="GitLab" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/linux-original.svg" alt="Linux" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Docker" height="50" /></a>  
</div>  

</td><td valign="top" width="10%">

### Database  
<div align="center">  
<a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="MySQL" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://redis.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/redis-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Redis" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://mariadb.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/mariadb.png" alt="Maria DB" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="PostgreSQL" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="MongoDB" height="50" /></a>  
</div>  

</td><td valign="top" width="10%">

### Monitoring  
<div align="center">  
<a href="https://grafana.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/grafana.png" alt="Grafana" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.elastic.co/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/elasticsearch.png" alt="Elastic Search" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.elastic.co/kibana/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/kibana.png" alt="Kibana" height="50" /></a>  
</div>

</td></tr></table>  

<br/>  


## Connect with me  
<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/mahbubumithu" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white alt=github style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/mahbubumithu" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white alt=twitter style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://dev.to/mahbubumithu" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/dev.to-%2308090A.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=dev.to&logoColor=white alt=devto style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/mahbubumithu" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/mahbubumithu" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/facebook-%232E87FB.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white alt=facebook style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/mahbubumithu" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/instagram-%23000000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white alt=instagram style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>  
</div>  
  

<br/>  


## Github Stats  
<table><tr><td valign="top" width="50%">

<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mahbubumithu&show_icons=true&count_private=true&hide_border=true" align="left" style="width: 100%" />

</td><td valign="top" width="50%">

<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mahbubumithu&hide_border=true&layout=compact" align="left" style="width: 100%" />

</td></tr></table>  

<br/>
